

Responder: Alex Tuckner : 4730040 : tuckn016


Author: Q Bayo : Bayo0006

Question 1:

The most effective sentence in the introduction was:
The goal of the game is for the player to freeze all the "robots" in the arena by colliding with them.
This sentence provides an idea of what the goal is for the game and the idea behind the project.


Question 2:

This is PlayerSim v2.0. It is a simulation game allowing the player to control the player in an arena.
I think that this sentence is a little confusing the first time you read it through. I think an
easy improvement would be to say "allowing the user to control the player in the arena"


Question 3:

A good sentence I found was this one:
At the highest level, class GraphicsArenaViewer controls everything–from rendering graphics to asking
 all relevant parties to update themselves at each frame, but its main responsibility is the graphics
 for the simulation game.

 The low level details in this case being the "asking all relevant parties to update themselves at each frame"


 Question 4:
 I think that this sentence from (3) is effective because describes in detail the general idea of what 
 the GraphicsArenaViewer is doing in this program, but also describes in detail such as how it tells 
 all relevant parties to update themselves at each frame.  I like that he finishes the sentence with 
 although it does this, it should be noted that it is mostly for the graphics.


 Question 5:

 For example, they can collide with one another. In such cases, events such as EventCollision will be
 generated and passed down to the relevant entities, so that these entities can update their states accordingly.

 This sentence I feel is underdeveloped because the author does not go into detail about the EventCollision.
 I feel like he could describe more about what the events are or how they interact with the objects.  For example,
 the events are classes that become created when events occur within the arena.  


 Question 6:
 Extending on the sentence from (5):
 I think this would be the perfect place to bring up the idea of the "Observer" pattern that has been 
 implemented throughout the program, and could go into more detail about how these events are passed 
 around within the program.  I.e. the Arena telling the sensors that events happen and the robot checking
 it's sensors at each timestep.  This document feels as though it is really lacking design thoughts and
 ideas that are important to the functionality of the program, presenting a clearer view of what the
 programmer was thinking when they wrote the program initially.


Question 7:

Q makes it very clear that the place to be coding in this project is the arena as this is updating the 
time for every entity, checking all of the events for events between objects, and contains all 
entities and their sensors.  He made it very clear how important the arena was in the code and 
emphasized its importance throughout. 


Question 8:

Im unsure if it is a doxygen issue or if he had just not completed his documentation for iteration2, 
but it appears as though there is almost no documentation throughout the arena class.  


Question 9:
It appears as though once again there is very little documentation and should be implemented throughout
I'm not really sure what else to say since there isn't much there.  


Question 10:
My first reaction was to look in the top right corner to the description.  This popped out at me because
it was the biggest thing on the page. I think it is very good that this is the first thing that I noticed
because it will give an overview of what to expect within the UML diagram and attempt to understand it
before delving in to it. 


Question 11:

He used most of the specific arrows to suggest relationships, whereas in mine I only had the 100% necessary
ones such as the inheritance one.  I think that this would make my UML more clear to an outside user. 


Question 12:
I think that the most successful part of this author's writing was his ability to describe things in 
what seemed like the perfect amount of detail.  It seemed like he was able to correctly identify the 
aspects that were important, but when he found himself going too in depth, he would back off a little
and keep it understandable to the reader.  This style is great because it scratches the surface of the 
code without overwhelming the reader and is very simple to understand.

I think that the parts of his writing that needs some rework is just the pure amount of comments that
he was able to supply.  Although I think his writing was great, there was not enough of it throughout
and could use more to further help the reader understand.  























